Add Ubuntu 22.04 Dynamic Worker end-of-life docs (#3212)
OctopusDeploy/docs: src/pages/docs/infrastructure/workers/dynamic-worker-pools/ubuntu-2204-end-of-life.md

---
layout: src/layouts/Default.astro
pubDate: 2026-06-18
modDate: 2026-06-18
title: Ubuntu 22.04 End-of-life
description: Describing the deprecation process of Ubuntu 22.04 Dynamic Workers.

> navOrder: 50

Reviewer: Like the Windows 2022 doc, should we set this to a value lower than 50 so it appears above the older EOL docs?

1. Once no steps are using the temporary Ubuntu 24.04 Worker Pool, you can delete the temporary Worker Pool.

## FAQ

### Why the deadline of 13 October 2026?

We're bringing the deadline forward so you can start using the new Ubuntu 24.04 Dynamic Worker image sooner, rather than waiting until Ubuntu 22.04 reaches the end of its LTS support in May 2027. This date also aligns with our Windows Dynamic Worker upgrade, so customers running both don't have to plan around two separate migrations.

### What are the breaking changes between Ubuntu releases?

It's not possible to give a complete and definitive answer, as this depends on your use cases. Please refer to the following documents:

- [Ubuntu 22.04 release notes](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/release-notes/22.04/)
- [Ubuntu 24.04 release notes](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/ubuntu-24-04-lts-noble-numbat-release-notes/39890)

### What if I experience a breaking change but I can't remediate it in time?

You can provision your own worker with Ubuntu 22.04 and select its worker pool for the deployment process that experiences the breaking change.

### Are the Windows Dynamic Workers affected in any way?

> The Windows Dynamic Workers are also being updated. A separate notification covers the details of that change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Windows Dynamic Workers are also being upgraded to Windows Server Core 2025 on the same timeline.
```
